feat(doc): update maintenance doc (#2454)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/version-update/pages/update-with-migration-tool.adoc

.*Special attention required on:*
* *Custom reports :* Up to Bonita 2021.1 (Bonita Runtime 7.12) they may continue working, depending on the custom code you added. Starting with Bonita 2021.2 (Bonita Runtime 7.13), custom reports will not be supported in Bonita Runtime anymore. They have been replaced with a standalone Enterprise only - Reporting Application.
* When the *source version* is Bonita 7.0.0, 7.2.0 or 7.2.4 and BDM used, the BDM will have to be redeployed, once the update is done, in order to avoid getting errors in automated processes as the platform will be restarted after the update procedure.

> * Do not pause the BPM Services (via maintenance mode) before the update (unless your source version is than is higher than 2021.1). Several bugs affect legacy Bonita versions by preventing a smooth Bonita Runtime update with BPM services paused when:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not pause the BPM services or enable the maintenance mode before the update (unless your source version is higher than 2021.1). Several bugs affect legacy Bonita versions by preventing a smooth Bonita Runtime update with BPM services paused when:
```

[WARNING]
====

> *IMPORTANT:* Do *not pause the BPM services* (via maintenance mode) before you stop the application server, unless your Bonita source version is higher than 2021.1, otherwise it will cause problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*IMPORTANT:* Do *not pause the BPM services* (or enable the maintenance mode) before you stop the application server, unless your Bonita source version is higher than 2021.1, otherwise it will cause problems.
```
